What am I doing here when I'm not in the restaurant?
I'm here to send information to my girlfriend
How dare you say it?
I called you all afternoon and you didn't answer me
Don't answer his phone
Grandpa quickly divorced him
I have too many words today
You see, I haven't changed my clothes yet.
I came to find you
Is it true?
Of course it's true.
Then I have to deliver takeout with you tomorrow?
It is inconvenient for you.
Fang Fang is convenient
convenient
I'm coming down.
Hey brother hey brother
Hey brother
This is the delivery coach I found for you, Master Zhang
Master Zhang Zhang
The master is an experienced rider with 20 years of experience
Hand I believe Jewish guides you to takeout skills
You will definitely be able to start soon
Let's start practicing
Hold hands tightly
Be straight
Rush forward regardless of everything
I didn't expect it.
My brother is still a good seedling for delivery.
Brother, there are 100 luxury cars in our underground garage
I think you can deliver takeout by car.
Stop talking nonsense
Wow, wow, wow.
Wow. Wow.
come again
Rush forward regardless of everything
Hey brother